He's your dealer.
Your what?
Your dealer?
Dad, calm down.
Oh, Dad is not calming down.
Your daughter
overdosed on opioids.
You have to prepare yourself
for the possibility
she won't survive the night.
But rest assured,
we are doing
everything in our power
to make sure...
Everything in your power?!Hey, hey.
Then why are youthe only one standing here?
All hands on deck.Get to work!
And save my daughter's life!
Emily Fornell had counterfeit
opioids in her blood.
Pills that were coming across
the border from Canada,
so I hear.
From who?
Sounds like Gibbs
has been working
a side project.
Boss, there's oneother thing. Uh...Yeah? About what?
Well, I think I found a lead
on those counterfeit opioids
you had mentioned
were coming out of Canada.
Tim, give it to the DEA.
You sure, boss? You... you don'twant to check with Fornell?
He wants to move on.Give it to the DEA.
It's theirs anyway.
♪
[tires screeching]
NCIS!
[gunshot]
[gasps]
Shots fired!
[gunshot]
[groaning]
Oh, I'm hit.
Okay. [grunts]
[panting]
[groaning]
♪
Right, let meget this straight. You think
that Bishop and I deserveto be stuffed into lockers?
Yeah.But you spend your lunchreading up on the piccolo?
Hey, you think it's just
a little flute, but, you know,
it really adds a
sparkle to that sound.
Victim. What do we know?
Navy MusicianFirst Class John Warren.
Single, no kids, comes
from a long line of sailors.
His father and grandfatherwere in the Navy, as well.
All right. Motive?
We really surethis was a murder?
I mean, the guy jumpedout of a bus.
You think he
poisoned himself?
I-I don't think so.I reviewed Warren's psych evals,
and, yes,
he did have some issues,
but he was on medicationthat seemed
to be working. There's nothing
to suggest he was suicidal.
All right, profile
the rest of the band.
See who flags
as homicidal.
Got it.
McGee?
Yeah?
You got point.
What's that?
I got to go.
Uh, for now, or...?
Uh,
next couple of days.
Whittle down the suspects.
Find the killer.
Did Gibbs just... leave?
Hey.
What's going on?
Taking a couple days off.
Uh-huh.
'Cause you do that so often
when we're tracking a
service member's killer.
It's sturgeon season.
Wow.
You are a horrible liar.
Fornell needs help.
Emily left rehab.
Anything I can do to help?
Give McGee a lead.He can handle the rest.
Right.
Hey, hey. [claps]
What'd you tell 'em?
I told 'em
you needed me.
And that Emily had left rehab.
That's not quite true.
Well, it's not
quite a lie.
How is she?
Emily's great.
She completed her programwith flying colors.
I think this nightmare mightfinally be behind her.
Not for us.
No, not us,which is why I texted you.
I got a leadon the errand boy
who supplied the poison thatnearly killed my little girl.
You think he can lead us to the
guy who's running this thing?
The head of the snake, Gibbs.
And, yeah, the errand boy'sgonna be our way in.
[chuckles]
What?
[laughing]:
Look at you.
You're just, uh,
chomping at the bit.
Yeah. Like you're not?
Yeah. Okay.
But if we do this thing,
we do it the right way.
What other way is there?
All right.Yeah.
Saddle up, Butch.
No, no, no.
Let's be clear here.
I'm Sundance.
You are never not Butch.
FORNELL:
Look at them.
What a sad sight.
Talk about Dawn of the Dead.
You look at these zombies,
and you assumethat they were damaged goods
way before they got here.
Weak, broken losersjust trying
to dull the echo intheir empty heads, and then...
then it's your own kid,
and you think,
"Who's broken now?"
How's the pizza?
Better yesterday.
Hey! Don't litter.
That's not littering.
It's for the birds, literally.
Littering-ly.
You get it?
Littering literally?
You know,
there's a taco stand
two blocks down.
Stretch your legs.
Get off your ass!
Get some air.
What if I miss something here?
Been two days
of nothing here.
You know damn well,
the second I startordering my chimichangas,
all hell's gonna break loose.
There's no hell.
We're not waiting on hell.
It's one guy.
Your errand boy.
What the hell kindof a name is Josh Winston
for a drug dealer anyway?
In your notes, you
call him a "drug rep."
Formerdrug rep.
Now distributing black-marketfentanyl lollipops
for this... so-called doctor.
The doctor's in.
[car alarm chirps]
[camera shutter clicking]For a new day,
selling the black market stuff
at a discount.
Not for much longer.
You got that right.
Where are you going?
He's no Mr. Big,but Dr. Death is a hell
of a consolation prize.
Why not take him now?
Take him where?
Tobias...
that's our guy.
He'll lead us to Mr. Big.
Once you cut the head
off that snake,
the body dies,
there is no more Dr. Death.
That was the plan, wasn't it?
Well, that was yourplan.
We're sticking with it, right?
Tobias?
You just keep thinking, Butch.
That's what you're good at.
[laughs]
What kind of tacos you want?
So, Gibbs went to helpFornell with his daughter.
That makes sense.
That's not exactly
what I said.
What do you mean? You said
he went to help a friend.
Yeah, and Gibbs onlyhas one friend.
That is exactlywhat I said.
The rest was,uh, idle speculation.
And no shortage of
that going around.
Agent Sloane said
she heard something
about sturgeon fishing?KASIE:Hey!
What is up,
my favorite crime fighters?
Just discussing where Gibbsdisappeared to this time.
No, no, no,
you guys were discussing.
I'm kind of done.
Ooh, excellent!
Then maybe you all have time
to help me finish weighing the
Navy band members' instruments?
Why are you weighing
instruments?
They seem a little heavier
than they should be,
and McGee wants to know
just how much heavier.
Yeah, McGee. You know,he's a tough boss.
[laughter][phones chiming]
Who currently wants us
in the squad room.
Sorry, Kase.
Sounds like a good workout,
though.
How much does it really weigh?
I am only as far as the oboes,
and I am already feelingthe burn.
Ugh. It's likethose Navy band members were,
like, smuggling anvilsor something.
What's up, Jimmy?
You know I would love
to help you, Kasie,
but I've got my own
case right here.
Uh...
Drawer number 107.
Marine Corporal Richard Darby.
Brought in this
morning at 5:30 a.m.
by Special Agent
Veronica Tyler.
Oh, Ronnie from the night crew.
Yeah, she's so cool.
Yeah. She's really...
Where's the body?
That's a good question.
I, I saw the body this morning.
It was...
right here.
Yeah, that's so weird.
Oh, no. No, this is,
this is way worse than weird.
Yeah.
Are you sure you don't want
to come weigh instrumentswith me?
What? Uh, no.
Uh, maybe later.
I-I should really give
Agent Tyler a call.
Hey. Could be worse.
If Gibbs was here,
you'd have to tell him.
Okay.
[grunts]
[line ringing]
FORNELL:
Man, I needed that!
Sorry I gota little hangry before.
The worst is Emily.
That kid skips a few meals, man,
I'd rather face Tysonin his prime.
Winston.
About time, Joshy.
You delivering hamburgersnow, too?
GIBBS:
Or something.
There's no grease on that bag.
FORNELL:
Brazen son of a bitch.
He's got his own entry, too.
Stay to the plan.
We follow him first.
Or we could force him to give upthe head of the snake right now.
We don't torture.
I didn't say "torture."
I said "force."
Tobias.
Or we could coerce him
or we could leverage him.
With enough dirt to turn on his
boss so he goes away for life?
You are such a killjoy.
He's the only lead we got.
If we can't turn him,
we don't have anything.
Can we at least take
a look inside there,
do a little recon?
We look like two cops.
You look like a cop.
[chuckles]I look like crap.
Or at least I looklike a guy
who needs some cheappainkillers for his bum hip.
Aren't you a little bitcurious about how it works?
[dialing]
Who are you calling?
[phone ringing and buzzing]
Really?
If you're going inside,
I'm listening.
You got ten minutes.
You serious?
Yes.
You couldn't get through
those zombies in ten minutes.
[clears throat]
[entry bell jingles]
[sighs, clears throat]
New patient?Yeah.
Name, number, what's hurting?
What's hurting?
Reason for your visit.
Yeah. You take insurance?
Cash only.
$250 up front.
How long's the wait?
Just have your money ready.
Hey.
How you doing?
No, I don't mean to...
I'm not trying to...
What's your name?
None of your business.
Too many questions,
dude, let's go.
No, stop.
Sorry, I-I'm just...
How old are you?
[door opens, bell jingles]
Oh, there you are,
Uncle Ed, I wasworried sick about you.
I'm sorry about Uncle Ed.
He-He-He's-he's not all there,
and you probably can see that.Yeah, I-I had a feeling.
He-he just likes to wander.
Yeah, let-- come on,
come on, Uncle Ed.
You need somebody to talk
to your parents maybe?
GIBBS:Ed, let's go home.
Give me a sec.
I'm not trying to...
Ooh, you okay?
All right,
all right, out, out, out,
both of you.
[siren wailing in distance]
Sorry, Gibbs, I don't know
what got into me in there.
Really, y-you don't?
Is your eye okay?
Oh, no, no.
What-what happenedto his car?
Where'd his car go?How'd he get out so fast?
We were only in there
a couple of minutes.
Well, maybe-- just maybe--
he heard you askingall those questions
and he got his buttout of here!
Well, we'll get him tomorrow.
I mean, not-not we-- me.
You can blame me
all you want,
but did you see that
young girl in there?
That could have been Emily!
Forget her!
What?!
Forget Emily!
Check your heart at the door.
Otherwise, Tobias, you and me
are wasting our time here.
You're right.
A hundred percent.
And I mean it.
You lost two days' work
with nothing to show for it.
I want to make it up to you.
Taking the shift
myself tomorrow.
Absolutely,great idea, sure.
You don't trust me?
No, I don't.
Please, Gibbs!
I don't know when this guy's
gonna come back,
but when he does,
I'm gonna be here,
and I swear to God,
I will not make a move on
him until I talk to you.
In the meantime...
[laughs]:
you might want
to ice that shiner.
Looks like I caught
you pretty good.
Want to lay one on me?
You'll feel better,
Butch, come on.
Kid, the next time I say,
"Let's go someplacelike Bolivia,"
let's go someplacelike Bolivia.
Yes!
Attaboy, Butch,
now we're backon the trail.
Wait a minute.
I was supposed
to be yourUncle Ed?
[band warming up]
Hey.Hey.
BISHOP:
Hey, look, Gibbs is back.
[whispering]:How's Emily?
She's okay. For now.
Your eye.
What happened?
[baton tapping]
[indistinct chatter]
So?So?
You're still notgonna tell me.
[chuckles]:
Tell you what?
I guess Emily packs
quite a wallop, huh?
Agent Gibbs, you have a second?
Jack, there's fishing and
there's sturgeon fishing.
Right. [scoffs]Sturgeon's a fighting fish.
Of course.Of course.
What, Palmer, what's up?
Uh, uh, it, it's actually
kind of private.
Oh. Sorry, okay,
have a good night.
I'll call you later.
I'm sorry, Agent Gibbs, uh,
I just wanted
to tell you something
before you heard itanywhere else.
Hear what?
Well, actually, you know,Kasie already knows.
Are you surethat you don't know already?
I just got here.
Well, it's just that you havea way of knowing things
before anyone else does,and so you... No?
Okay, well, I-I just--I wanted you to know that, um,
yeah, I might havemisplaced a body.
Misplaced?
Yeah, or-or it's,uh, it's missing?
Missing how?
I was just about to go meet
Agent Tyler back at NCIS.
We're gonna figureit all out.
I'll meet you there.
No, Agent Gibbs, please,
we can handle this.
I'll meet you there.Right.
Like I told Agent Tyler,there's-there's got to be
a perfectly logicalexplanation for all this.
[car alarm chirps]
[grunts]
Palmer!
[car alarms blaring]
Jimmy, here you are.
Gibbs.
Tyler.
Hey, are you okay?
I'm just hearing about
your car. What is going on?
Oh, yeah, I'm gonna miss
that old clunker.
Although now I get to getthat minivan I've had my eye on.
[chuckles]
Yeah, clunker or not,
what was it?
Are we talking a grenade or...?
No, it was an IED.
Kasie already ran a fragment
we found at the scene.
Yeah, it's a basic device
any lunatic can pick up
on the dark web,
attached to my door.
Yeah, and fortunately
my remote set it off.
Otherwise, I would be...
Gosh, Jimmy, I am so sorry.
No, no, I'm-I'm fine,
I'm fine, really.
I don't even have a concussion.
Besides, it's nothing you did.
Unless there's a connection.
I mean, could there be?
First a body disappears,
and then Jimmy's car blows up?
Don't you have
some famous rule
about coincidences, Gibbs?
No.
Who was the body?
Marine CorporalRichard Darby.
Fairfax PD called usto his home
around 2:00 last night.
Found in his driveway,
single gunshot to the chest.
Witnesses?
Lived alone,no next of kin.
The neighbors heardthe shots,
but they wereotherwise unhelpful.
I logged in
Darby's body here
at 5:32 a.m.
JIMMY:
The body was absolutely here
at 7:00 a.m.
when I got here,
but by 3:00 in the afternoon,
it was gone.
Now, as soon as Jimmy called, I
came back to check our cameras,
only to find out that they'dbeen rebooted around noon
by our security vendor to
fix some kind of glitch.
System was off-line
for almost two hours.
Yeah, well, one of thosetwo hours was my lunch break.
Whoever stole the bodyknew that.
Yeah, what could I
possibly have done
to tick off that vendor?
Nothing, Jimmy,
but I'm still gonna check
the entire security staff,
any custodial...Gonna check
more than that.
Protective custody
for both of you.
Well, I don't,
I don't need protection.
It was your case, Ronnie.
If they came after me,I mean,
who's to say
they won't come after you, too?
Your families, too.
Yeah, Breena and Victoria,they're already
at my in-laws' cabin
up at the Finger Lakes.
Yeah, and my daughter's safe
at home with my mother-in-law.
There'll be an agent
at both of your homes.
In the meantime...
you get some rest.
Yeah, like that'll be possible.
Oh, works for me.
[groans] I am good right here.
Hey, McGee.
Morning.
Give me an update.
Uh, well, uh, just got
off the phone with the CO.
Turns out that Corporal Darby
put in for disability retirementtwo weeks ago.
What kind of disability?
Well, CO wouldn't
exactly use the term
"PTSD," but she says
he hasn't been the same
since his unit was ambushed
in Afghanistan two years ago.
Corporal Darby lost two buddies.
CO says, ever since then,
he's become
increasingly antisocial
and angry.
Any enemies?
None that she knew of,
but I'm just getting started
on that.
Where is Bishopand where is Torres?
Well, they are already
at Darby's house.
Double-checking the crime scene
and Agent Tyler's witness list.
And what about you, Gibbs?
How was the fishing?
Yeah, boss. You
catch any sturgeon?
Nothing worth keeping.
So that's it?
Nothing more you care to sharewith me about your trip?
No.
Not yet, Leon, no.
What about Dr. Palmer?
I spoke with Agent Tyler after
you assigned them protection.
That was a good call.
Palmer's fine.
Tyler's, uh, sleeping.
In Kasie's office.
Good.
You know she's family.
Yeah. You and
her husband.
Latehusband.
Darryl.
My godson.
He was killed in Iraq last year.
Tyler's been an ace
on the night crew, Leon.
Sent an agent
to watch her family.
Send another.
Keep me posted.
Hey.
She's good.
You could move her to days.
Like I said, Gibbs,
she's family.
I'm only gonna takenepotism so far.
Darby sure lived
a pretty minimal existence.
Not much to speak of inthe way of furniture or clothes.
Yeah, the same with his camper.
Canned food.Bottled water.
Not much else.Hmm.
All right, well,
let's see what we've got
on Tyler's witness list.
Yeah, maybe one of them can tellus where Gibbs disappeared to.
Oh, my God, would
you stop already?
"Where'd Gibbs go?"
"Why'd he come back?"
The man's making us all crazy.
I know, I know. Okay.We'll talk about something else.
Let's talk aboutJimmy's hot new car.
His old car isn't
even cold yet.
I know, but the dude wants,like, a... a dadmobile.
I mean, this issuch a rare opportunity.
Either get a badass caror go home.
You call someone
blowing up Jimmy's car
"a rare opportunity"?
For Jimmy to be cool?
Uh, yeah.
Excuse me.
Do you know
if they caught the guy?TORRES: Not yet.
We're working on it.
BISHOP: Let's see, next doorneighbor... you would be
Karl... is it "Chunk"?Karl Chunk, yes.
Yeah, I spoke
to that nice agent,
uh, the night it happened.
Yeah, I've got your
statement right here.
Poor Darby.
He kept to himself, but he was
a really great neighbor.
[dog growls]Baloney.
Respect for the dead, Gila.
Darby was a grade-A weirdo,
Chunk, and you know it.
Which would make you Gila Shaw.
That guy was always puttering
around his camper,
muttering about
the end of the world.
Puttering and muttering.
Got it right here.
For the record, I never heard
him mutter anything like that.
[dog barking]Who the hell asked you, Chunk?
Come on, people.Inside voice. Geez.
BISHOP: All right.Well, what we could use
is anything you guys remember,maybe forgot
to tell Agent Tyler?
Don't you think we would've
called if there was?
That's why she gave us her card,isn't it?
Nothing new here.
I heard a gunshot
around midnight
and then a car speeding away.
I sure didn't
hear any car.
And it was more like 12:30.
I live right next door here,
Gila.
You live two houses down.
And I still hear
better than you, Chunk.
Come on,
Sunshine.
Tyler was not kidding.
[sighs]
"Neighbors are decidedly
unhelpful."
[phone rings]
FORNELL:
Gibbs.
Hey, Tobias, what?
How's your day going, Butch?
Not bad.
I'm busy. What about you?
Just got to the clinic.
Winston hasn't shown up yet,
but I'll call you
as soon as he gets here.
Listen, doesn't look like
I'm gonna be able to join you.
No problem. I can handle it.
[chuckling]:
You sure about that?
I insist.
My emotions are
completely in check, Gibbs,
and I'm sticking to the plan.
Okay.
So when our guy shows up...
I just track his moves.
We'll pull the trigger
as soon as you're free.
No, no, no, no, no.
There's no trigger-pulling.
It's a metaphor, Butch.
Lighten up.
Listen, you lighten up, okay?
You keep your head in
the game, Tobias. You...
So...?
You know what?
Don't even ask.
Whoa.Not even "How's Jimmy?"
You're not the only one
having a rough couple of days,
you know.
Yeah, I know.
Why do you thinkI've had a rough couple of days?
Look, if you want to tell me
what you and Fornell are up to,
you will.
Right?
Meantime, my main concern
is finding out
who blew up Jimmy's car
and stole Agent Tyler's victim.
Seriously,
how does that even happen?
Boss.
What, McGee?
It's about Agent Tyler.
Yeah? What?I was just about
to send over that additionalagent to help guard her house.
Turns out that Tyler sent
that first agent home.
She did what?
Is Agent Tyler up here?
She's not with you?
She was half asleep
in one of my comfy chairs
till she got
a phone call and
ran out without a word.
WOMAN:You have to tell them, Ronnie.
Mom, I cannot tell anyone.
Hey, and neither can you.
Don't you get that?
I have to do this alone.
GIBBS:
Do what?
What's going on, Tyler?
Gibbs, it's nothing.
I just had to go home to...
I'm sorry, Gibbs, I had to.
Or he's gonna kill
my little girl.
[latch clicks]
BISHOP:That's Corporal Darby.
TORRES:Jimmy's missing body.
I dropped off Darby's bodyat the end of my shift,
planning to go and
finish the case the next day,
only to get home and find
a masked man in my living room.
He climbed throughmy bedroom window
like a demonin the night.
Medium height and build,
he had a slight accent
of some kind,
but he had...
He had a gun on my Jasmine.
He told me ifI ever wanted to see her again,
that I need to get
Darby's body back,
along with any evidence
that might point back to him.
How'd he find your place?
We have been racking
our brain about this.
How does he know us?
Do we know him?
Was it some kind of setup?
And why Jimmy?
I think that was my fault.
I was tryingto reason with the guy.
Told him it was too late.
That our M.E.
already examined the body.
Uh, what was it he said?
"Let me worry about the M.E."
Look, I never meant
to put Jimmy in any danger.
You killed the camera
and took the body.
It's crazy.
I know.
But right now,
I will do anythingto get my baby back.
And how do we get her back?
So, the guy called at noon,
like he said he would.
Told me to make the dropin Franconia,
3:00 p.m.,
a trash can in Memorial Park.
Drop a whole body
in a trash can?
No.
Just the right hand.
This was bound fora nursing school in Ohio,
but they'll justhave to wait.
I swear, Jimmy,
if you'd been in your car...
I'd never forgive myself.
I wasn't, all right?
So you won't have to.
There's nothingto apologize for.
I'm good.
Hey, what if this guy realizesthat's not Darby's hand?
It won't matter.
He will be in custody by then.
And you'll haveyour daughter back.
From your mouth to God's ears.
Are you kidding me?
With Agent Torreson the case?
It's a guarantee. [chuckles]
TORRES:Jimmy...
you got to hurry up
with that hand.
Nothing pointsto our killer yet, boss,
but I did discover a few odd
details about Corporal Darby.
How odd?Well, his
therapist says
that over the past year,
Darby has gone from being
a confident, optimistic Marine
to a sleep-deprived paranoiac
who's planning for some
kind of cataclysmic event.
What, end of the world
kind of stuff?
Doomsday prepper,
which would explain
the camper in his backyard
packed with bottled waterand canned goods.
What else?
His bank accounts.
Darby closed 'em last week.
Took out his entire life
savings in cash: $106,000.
Wow, that is an amount
worth killing for.
For a killer.
[phone rings]Hmm.
You ready, Nick?
Yeah.
I'll meet you out front.
One more minute. Stand by.
Why wait, Gibbs?
I should just go now.
He said 3:00.
We go at 3:00.
You make the drop,
you keep moving.
Let Torres do the rest.
Though don't expect me
to keep moving too far.
Tyler, are you sure
you're up to this?
If it was your daughter,
wouldn't you be?
[phone ringing]
Let me call you back.
No, I only need 30 seconds.
You got 15.
That taco stand-- I went back.
They sit okay with you?
All right, Tyler.You're on.
♪
Turn around and go, Tyler.
I am not leaving without her.
GIBBS:
Move, Tyler.
Hey!
That's not for you.
If you want to see
your daughter again,
go home and
wait for a call!
Go. Go! That's our guy.
TYLER:
Stop him!
[horn honking]
Tyler! Get in!
[engine starts]
[tires screeching]
[panting]
Whoa.Did you see that?
[exclaims]
[tires screech]
No! Aah!
No, no, no, no.You're not gonna die today.
You're not gonna die today.
Where's the girl?!
Talk to me! Where's the girl?!
[breathing hard]
Where is my daughter?!
Where is she?
TORRES:
Breathe!
Breathe!Where is my daughter?!
Breathe.Come on.
Come on, Torres.
You should have had him.
Don't do that, Nick.
This is not your fault.
It's on me.
I should've handled it myself.
JIMMY:
Don't you say that.
No one is better off alone.
Jimmy.Which is why Kasie
is headed down
here right now,
and together we are
going to find something
on this guy's body
to tell us where
your daughter is.
Well, as soon as we know
who he is.
Now, normally I would ask
if you recognize him, but...
not with the fake beard
and mustache.
I mean, I don't think
I've seen him before.
And he had no ID?
We got no hit on his prints.
McGee has his prints now.
We'll know soon enough.
No hits offthe U.S. database,
but Interpol hadhis prints on file.
Kidnapper is
Arda Dogan.
He's now 54, career criminal.
Dishonorably discharged
by the Turkish army in 2002.
Munitions expert.
So he'd know how to make a bomb.
He's still wanted
in his native Turkey
for armed robbery
and kidnapping.
How can we help, Gibbs?
Where's Agent Tyler?
I'm right here, Director.
Is that our guy?
Well, according
to Homeland Security,
Dogan escaped
to Canada, where it's
believed he then emigrated
here under the alias
Karl Cheswick.
That was 2012
and not a
peep since.
Current whereabouts unknown.
Okay, he's got a new alias.
TYLER:
Yeah, but now he does
look familiar.
I was about to say
the same thing.
Yeah, to me, too.
How do we know him?
Just you three?
Do you still have
my witness list?
That's it.
The crime scene.
He's the neighbor.Karl Chunk.
Let's go.
We got anything?
Nothing. No sign of her.
She's got to be here somewhere.
And we'll find her, Ronnie.
We're not gonna leave
here till we do.
We've got a weapon.
Found it under
one of the
floorboards.
Same caliber that killed Darby.
I say we hit both
basements again.
At least Darby's.
I mean, these doomsday preppers
have bunkers.
Okay, all right. We've-we'vescoured this entire area.
Let's scour it again.Let's go.Kasie?
What do you got?
Pinus taeda,Gibbs.
You see any?
No. Wait, h-hold on.
What-what are you saying?
JIMMY:
You're looking for pine trees,
Gibbs.
The killer had sapon the soles of his shoes.
Well, there's pine trees
all around us.
KASIE:
Well, I-I also found
a single seed,
Quercus virginiana,
buried very deeply
under his very dirty
fingernails.
A Virginia-what, now, Kase?
Oak trees.
Do you see any nearby?
Yeah, there's one right here.
I mean, we searched
the camper
inside and out.
But not under.
VANCE:Let's look.
GIBBS:
Jasmine? Jasmine?
TYLER:Jasmine, where are you?
Jasmine?!
TYLER:She's got to be here somewhere.
Jasmine!
McGEE:Jasmine, can you hear us?
Uh, guys. What the hell is this?
Oh, my God.
TORRES:
We got to move this.
VANCE:Anybody got keys?BISHOP:
Yeah, I'll find 'em!
TYLER: Jasmine?All right, let me get the brake!
Jazzy![pounding on lid]
We have to get her out of here.
Got it?Yeah, let's go.Move that thing!
Mommy's here!
Jazzy?Everybody graba side and push!
[grunting]
This thing's not budging.
Yeah, we got to push
everybody together.
One, two, three, go.
GIBBS:
Push! Push! Everybody push!
Keep going.
Push.Keep going. Keep going.
That's it, it's moving!
It's moving!
[grunting]
McGee, McGee.
Help me, help me. Come here.
Help me.
Ready?
TYLER:
Hold on, baby, we're coming!
TORRES:
One, two, three.
Jazzy?
Jazzy, talk to me, baby!
No, no. You stay here.
Just in case.
In case what?
It's unlocked.
No, no, no.
Jasmine!
Jasmine?
[muffled yell]
Right there.
[muffled yelling]
We got her!
Got her!
Jazzy?
Mom?
Mom?!Come to Mommy, baby.
Oh, my God.
[gasps]
Are you okay?
Did he hurt you?
Thank God.
TORRES:
Come on, let's get
her out of here.
[laughs]
Let's go home, baby.
BISHOP:So, good neighborKarl Chunk
got a little nosywith Corporal Darby.
Caught wind ofhis doomsday prep
and him closing outhis bank accounts.
Tried to rob Darby
in his own backyard,
ended up killing him.
He wasn't able
to scan Darby's hand.
Chunk took
Tyler's card.
Later that night,
found out where she lived.
Then set out
to cover his tracks.
While still getting
what he was after.
Which was...
this.
That is what $106,000
looks like.
How's it feel?
Not as good as it should.
Well, gentlemen,if any case calls
for a celebratory drink,it's this one.
Any takers?
No, thanks, Jack.
Think I'm gonna go check
on Tyler and her family.
Torres drove her and the kid
home. I think he's still there.
[groans] You dangle a
missing kid at Torres
and he turns into
a bloodhound.
Well, I'm gladhe's our bloodhound.
Good team effort, Leon.
So, will you be staying
with the team for a while?
Why wouldn't I?
I don't know, Gibbs.
I just wasn't sureif you'd, um...
if you caughtenough sturgeon.Hmm.
Good question, Leon.
Gibbs?
[chuckles]
There's a lot of fish out there.
Yeah. Right.
All right. Good night.
You sure I can't buy you
a cold one?
Jack...
uh, there's something
I got to do.
[chuckles] Okay.
Good night, Gibbs.
Yeah.
Night.
[line ringing]
[phone ringing]
Tobias.Perfect timing, Gibbs.
You never called.
I take it that
Winston never showed up?
No, he didn't.
But I found him just the same.
Let's just say
he's not going to be much help.
[sirens wailing]
Are those, uh,
those police sirens I hear?
Yep.
No worries.
I called 'em.
But it's why I've got to hurry.
What'd you do?
Nothing.
But I need some time, Gibbs.
Check back with me
in about two weeks.
Two weeks?
Two weeks, tops.
That's all I need.
And I promise you,
everything's gonna make sense.
Trust me.
Tobias...
Trust me. Two weeks.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org